Disable javascript features (#167)
csstools/postcss-plugins: plugin-packs/postcss-preset-env/README.md

[![Style with Preset Env][readme-style-with-preset-env-img]][readme-style-with-preset-env-url]

⚠️ Please note that some of the features need a companion library that makes 
the feature work. While we try to avoid this requirement, there are instances
in which this isn't possible to polyfill a new behaviour with _just_ CSS.

This is the current list of features that need a client library with a link
to the polyfill's library.

* `blank-pseudo-class`: [Plugin](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-plugins/blob/main/plugins/css-blank-pseudo) / [Polyfill](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-plugins/blob/main/plugins/css-blank-pseudo/README-BROWSER.md)
* `has-pseudo-class`: [Plugin](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-plugins/blob/main/plugins/css-has-pseudo) / [Polyfill](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-plugins/blob/main/plugins/css-has-pseudo/README-BROWSER.md)
* `prefers-color-scheme-query`: [Plugin](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-plugins/blob/main/plugins/css-prefers-color-scheme) / [Polyfill](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-plugins/blob/main/plugins/css-prefers-color-scheme/README-BROWSER.md)

> * `focus-within-pseudo-class`: [Plugin](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-plugins/tree/main/plugins/postcss-focus-within) / [Library](https://github.com/jsxtools/focus-within) / [Polyfill](https://github.com/jsxtools/focus-within/blob/master/README-BROWSER.md)

Reviewer: `focus-visible` also requires `js`

Author: Thanks for catching it!

The `debug` option enables debugging messages to stdout which should be useful to help you debug which features have been enabled/disabled and why.

### disableClientSidePolyfills

The `disableClientSidePolyfills` disables any feature that would need an extra browser library to be loaded into the page for it to work. 

> Note that you can still manually enable one of these features if you set them on the [`features` option](#features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that manually enabling/disabling features via the "feature" option overrides this flag.
```
